danbri:

For a healthy Web/TV future:

* share, discovery and annotate functions must not be tied to one platform
* content identifiers and basic metadata should be public and re-usable
* remote control functionality must not be tied to one platform 

Building interactive social TV interfaces is hard; sharing that work is 
critical. To do this, there are basic pieces that should be part of the 
shared landscape. We propose the following as a good start on the pieces
that should be common.

So what do we believe around here?? (1) That if you don't agree simple 
ways of identifying and describing "TV-related stuff", then social, 
interactive, augmented TV experience will be fragmented into proprietary 
islands (2) "TV-related stuff" extends to everything that TV content can 
be *about* (people, places, topics) as well as the pieces that make up 
the content (video/audio streams, subtitles, annotations, overlays and 
links) (3) interaction designers have better things to do than learn 5 
different platform APIs; if we want voice, gesture, multi-touch, 
smartphone and so on as interfaces to TV, we need some common 
abstractions that expose both the things a TV-like-platform can do 
("play a stream, pause a stream...") but also the content it has 
available (playlists, catalogues). (4) basic broadcast metadata should 
be accessible to everyone in open and rich form (including stable 
identifiers), since without it, content won't be easy to link (to people 
who'll tune in, or within archives after broadcast), or to find; and 
content that isn't findable is a waste of a lot of people's money and 
time. <- off top of my head list-ette

